1.Why the output is showing false for the following?
class IfDemo {
    public static void main(String  args[])
    {
           Sample2333  SampleObj23 = new Sample2333();
      //  System.out.println(SampleObj23.add()  );
       // System.out.println(SampleObj23.add(1,2)  );
        System.out.println(SampleObj23.add("Ramana SAI")  );
    }
}

class Sample2333
{
int a=90;
byte b= 89;

String name = "Rachana";
//non praprmeter
int add(){
   //comment
    String name = "sdfkgsdf";
   int c= 23+23;
   System.out.println("I am a non paramtereted and with rtetuurn value function");
   return c ;
}
    int add(int a, int b){
        //comment
        int c= a+b;
        System.out.println("I am parametered  nd with rtetuurn value function");
        return c;
    }
    boolean add(String str){
        //comment
        System.out.println("Hellow " +str  +"can you hear me ?");
        return false;
    }
}
Ans :	In the function add() return the Boolean value, the Boolean value returned from the method is
false and this returned value is printed which will print false in the output.If return is true it will print true 	


2.Difference between constructor and method?

constructor: 1.) Constructor is used to create and initialize an Object .
             2.)A constructor can not have any return type.
             3.)A constructor must have same name as that of the class.

Method :   1.)Method is used to execute certain statements.
           2.)A method can have a return type.
           3.)A method name can not be same as class name.          


3.Who gives default constructor?
A:The Java compiler provides a default constructor if you don't have any constructor in a class. 
The method is not provided by the compiler in any case.If we don’t define a constructor in a class, 
then the compiler creates default constructor which has no parameters for the class.

4.)what are the other roles of jvm ?
A : The JVM has two primary functions: to allow Java programs to run on any device or operating system
,and to manage and optimize program memory The role of JVM in Java is an abstract machine designed to be implemented on top of existing processors.
It hides the underlying operating system from Java applications.

5.)Why string is passed in main method?
A: It stores Java command-line arguments and is an array of type java. lang. String class.
 Here, the name of the String array is args but it is not fixed and the user can use any name in place of it.

6.)What happens if final keyword is applied on variable, class and method ?
A  The final variables are nothing but constants. We cannot change the value of a final variable once it is initialized.
 final method cannot be overridden. Which means even though a sub class can call the final method of parent class without any issues but it cannot override it.
When we declare a class as final it cannot be extend.

7.)Is java call by reference or call by value?
Ans:	Java is pass by value and it is not possible to pass integer by reference in Java directly. 
Objects created in Java are references which are passed by value.

8.)Why only JVM gives default constructor?
Ans :	The Java compiler provides a default constructor if you don't have any constructor in a class. The method is not provided by the compiler in any case. 
The constructor name must be same as the class name. The method name may or may not be same as the class name.


9.)who gives default constructor?
The Java compiler provides a default constructor if you don't have any constructor in a class. The method is not provided by the compiler in any case.

10.)Is java call by reference or call by value?
Java uses only call by value while passing reference variables as well. It creates a copy of references and passes them as valuable to the methods.

11.)what happens if a final keyword is applied on class and function?
If we initialize a variable with the final keyword, then we cannot modify its value. 
If we declare a method as final, then it cannot be overridden by any subclasses

12.)why string is passed in main method?
Because by passing String arrays , we can pass all the necessary parameters like options/arguments related to the program in the form of String easily. 

13.)difference b/w java 8 and java7?
Java 7 brings JVM support for dynamically-typed languages plus Type Interference for Generic Instance creation.
Java 8 brings the most anticipated feature for the programming 
language called Lambda Expressions, a new language feature which allows users to code local functions as method arguments.

14.)when and why collections were added?
Java Collection Framework enables the user to perform various data manipulation 
operations like storing data, searching, sorting, insertion, deletion, and updating of 
data on the group of elements

15.)difference b/w collection and collections?
The Collection is an interface that contains a static method since java8. The Interface can also contain abstract and default methods.
Collections contains only static methods.

16.)why string is passed in main method?
Because by passing String arrays , we can pass all the necessary parameters like options/arguments related to the program in the form of String easily.