                                                      Assignment 

14/03/22 

1.What is Debugging?
The Java Platform Debugger Architecture is a collection of APIs to debug Java code. 
Java Debugger Interface - defines a high-level Java language interface that developers 
can easily use to write remote debugger application tools. 

2.What are the default packages present in java?
Java compiler imports java. lang package internally by default. 
It provides the fundamental classes that are necessary to design a basic Java program. 

3.Can we have an else condition without if condition?
 it is very common to have an if without an else when there is no specific activity 
that needs to be performed when the condition is false. 

4.Other than boolean can we use anything in if condition?
if ( condition ) statement; if is a Java reserved word The condition must be a boolean expression. 
It must evaluate to either true or false. If the condition is true, the statement is executed. 

5.why break is imp in switch case?
The case statements in a switch statements are simply labels. 
When you switch on a value, the switch statement essentially does a goto to the label with the matching value. 
This means that the break is necessary to avoid passing through to the code under the next label. 

6.Understand the naming conventions in java?
For variables, the Java naming convention is to always start with a lowercase letter and then capitalize 
the first letter of every subsequent word. Variables in Java are not allowed to contain white space, 
so variables made from compound words are to be written with a lower camel case syntax. 

15/03/22 

1. what is difference b/w constructor and fucntion in the class?
Constructor is used to initialize an object whereas method is used to exhibits functionality of an object. 
Constructors are invoked implicitly whereas methods are invoked explicitly. 

2. who gives default constructor?
The Jvm provides a default constructor if you don't have any constructor in a class. 

3. what are other responsibilities of jvm?
JVM is specifically responsible for converting bytecode to machine-specific code and is necessary in both JDK and JRE. 
It is also platform-dependent and performs many functions, including memory management and security. 

4. Is java call by reference or call by value?
Java uses only call by value while passing reference variables as well. 
It creates a copy of references and passes them as valuable to the methods. 

5. what happens if a final keyword is applied on class and function?
If we initialize a variable with the final keyword, then we cannot modify its value. 
If we declare a method as final, then it cannot be overridden by any subclasses. 
And, if we declare a class as final, we restrict the other classes to inherit or extend it. 

6. what happens if final keyword is applied on variable,class and method?
If we initialize a variable with the final keyword, then we cannot modify its value. 
If we declare a method as final, then it cannot be overridden by any subclasses.

7. why string is passed in main method?
Because by passing String arrays , we can pass all the necessary parameters 
like options/arguments related to the program in the form of String easily. 

8. difference b/w java 8 and java7?
Java 7 brings JVM support for dynamically-typed languages plus Type Interference for Generic Instance creation.
Java 8 brings the most anticipated feature for the programming language called Lambda Expressions, 
a new language feature which allows users to code local functions as method arguments. 

9. difference b/w collection and collections?
The Collection is an interface whereas Collections is a utility class in Java. 

16/03/22 

1. underlying ds for linked list,arraylist?
ArrayList is a resizable array implementation in java. The backing data structure of ArrayList is an array of Object class. 
When creating an ArrayList you can provide initial capacity then the array is declared with the given capacity. 
The default capacity value is 10.Linked List contains a link element called first. 
Each link carries a data field(s) and a link field called next. 
Each link is linked with its next link using its next link. 
Last link carries a link as null to mark the end of the list. 

2. Advantages and disadvatages of array list?
Advantages -
• You can define ArrayList as re-sizable array. 

• Elements can be inserted at or deleted from a particular position. 

• ArrayList class has many methods to manipulate the stored objects. 

• If generics are not used, ArrayList can hold any type of objects. 

Disadvatages- 

A possible disadvantage of ArrayList is that it holds only object types and not primitive types (eg, int ).
To use a primitive type in an ArrayList, put it inside an object or use of the 
wrapper classes (eg, Integer, Double, Character). 

3. What are iterators and cursors?
An iterator allows iteration of a container with no knowledge of the container itself.
A cursor, on the other hand, allows iteration of a container as well but has implementation details 
specific to the container type, so it does keep a reference to the container.

4. what are list iterator,iterator,enumerator with code?
ListIterator is one of the four java cursors. It is a java iterator which is used to traverse all types of lists 
including ArrayList, Vector, LinkedList, Stack etc.
An Iterator is an object that can be used to loop through collections,
like ArrayList and HashSet. It is called an "iterator" because "iterating" is the technical term for looping. 
To use an Iterator, you must import it from the java.
Enumeration means a list of named constant. In Java, enumeration defines a class type. 
An Enumeration can have constructors, methods and instance variables. It is created using enum keyword. 

5. IndexoutofboundException and arrayIndexOutofboundexception is same?
IndexOutOfBoundsException is the super class of ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
(thrown when accessing invalid index in a array) and StringIndexOutOfBoundsException 
(thrown when accessing invalid index in a String). 

can finally be return without try catch?
You cannot have a catch or finally without a try block. If you don't want to handle an exception in your code, 
then declare them with a throws clause. 

6. Difference b/w comparable and comparator?
Comparable provides a single sorting sequence. In other words, we can sort the collection on the basis of a 
single element such as id, name, and price.
The Comparator provides multiple sorting sequences. In other words, we can sort the collection on the basis 
of multiple elements such as id, name, and price etc. 

                                                                                                             ALLA HARIKA DEVI 
                                                                                                             CAPG48LSRB350