1. what are the predifined functions in collection in java?
-->the methods in Java that are already defined by the Java class libraries and can be used anywhere without having to define it
examples: length(), sqrt(), max(), and print().
		
2)what are the underlying ds for linked list arraylist in java?
Ans:-The underlying data structure of ArrayList is an array of Object class.
arrays are immutable in java where as arraylists are mutable

3) what are the advantages and disadvatages of array list?

Advantages:

ArrayList is variable length.
Add any type of data into ArrayList.
Traverse in both directions.
Insert and remove elements also at particular position of ArrayList.
ArrayList allows multiple null values.
ArrayList allows to add duplicate elements.
ArrayList has many methods to manipulate stored objects.
When ArrayList exceeds its capacity, then its size increases by 50%.
Retrieval is faster in ArrayList

Disadvantages:

If a data entry is added to or removed from an array-based list,
 data needs to be shifted to update the list.


4) What are iterators and cursors?
--> iterator allows iteration of a container with no knowledge of the container itself.cursor allows iteration of a container as well but has implementation details specific to the container type,
 so it does keep a reference to the container.

5)what are the 10 owasp?

Injection
Broken Authentication
Sensitive Data Exposure
XML External Entities (XXE)
Broken Access Control
Security Misconfiguration
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
Insecure Deserialization.

6)can catch be return without try in java?
Yes, we can have try without catch block by using finally block. You can use try with finally.
 As you know finally block always executes even if you have exception or return statement in try block except in case of System.


7)can try be return catch in java?
Whenever try-block executes successfully, then it can always return value from end of method. 
If any exception is raised from try-block then it get caught in the corresponding catch-block and catch-block can also return value

8)can finally be return without try catch in java?
Can we use finally without try catch in Java?
A finally block must be associated with a try block, you cannot use finally without a try block. 
You should place those statements in this block that must be executed always


9)diffarence b/w comparable and comparator in java?


Comparable:-
1) Comparable provides a single sorting sequence. In other words, 
we can sort the collection on the basis of a single element such as id, name, and price.
2) Comparable affects the original class, i.e., the actual class is modified.
3) Comparable provides compareTo() method to sort elements.
4) Comparable is present in java.lang package.	
5) We can sort the list elements of Comparable type by Collections.sort(List) method.

Comparator:-
1)The Comparator provides multiple sorting sequences. In other words, we can sort the collection on the basis of multiple elements such as id, name, and price etc.
2)Comparator doesn't affect the original class, i.e., the actual class is not modified.
3)Comparator provides compare() method to sort elements.
4)A Comparator is present in the java.util package.
5)We can sort the list elements of Comparator type by Collections.sort(List, Comparator) method.
	