1.)Can we have an else condition without if condition?

2.)Other than boolean can we use anything in if condition?

3.)Why break is imp in switch case?
You can use the break statement to end processing of a particular
labeled statement within the switch statement. 
It branches to the end of the switch statement. Without break ,
the program continues to the next labeled statement, executing the 
statements until a break or the end of the statement is reached.



4.)Understand the naming conventions?
In computer programming, a naming convention is a set of rules for
 choosing the character sequence to be used for identifiers 
which denote variables, types, functions, and other entities 
in source code and documentation.

Project lead's last name or initials. 
File creator's last name or initials. 
Project name/acronym. Date file created/generated (in YYYY-MM-DD format)



6.)Understand diff between WAR,EAR,JAR file?



7.)How can you tell the technology by seeing URL?
The source code of a website is easily accessible from your browser. In Chrome, look for Developer Tools, 
in Firefox look for Web Developer in your menu. The source code's file 
extensions and URLs can tell you what type of platform the website is built on.


8.)Is java 100% Object oriented language?
Java is not a pure object oriented language because it supports 
Primitive datatype such as int, byte, long? etc, to be used, which are not objects.


9.)How would you design web application for sign in and sign up? 

10.)How can u create repository what's the command? 

11.)Why github gives u free of cost to create new repository? 

GitHub makes money by offering premium subscription plans to
teams and organizations as well as a fee it generates when users purchase third-party apps on their platform.



12.)What is agile? 
At its simplest, Agile simply means continuous incremental improvement 
through small and frequent releases. The term Agile is most commonly
associated with software development as a project management methodology


13.)What are the ticketing tools used in agile?
Requirement,source code(configuration)-ms excel
source code managing tools -github,bigbucket
code development(IDE)-eclipse,jdeveloper
documents-wiki
unit and regression testing-Junit,Nunit
CI and build,-jenkins,docker,msbuild
Application deployment,-jenkins
Team collaboration-lync,msteams
project management -ms excel,ms power point
reporting-


14.)How many version control tools are there? 
There are two types of version control: centralized and distributed

15.)What is scrum call?
Daily Scrum meeting is also called can Scrum call or Standup meeting. 
This meeting own by the Scrum team, happens
mostly during beginning of every day. Should last for max 15 minutes. 
Where the development team member discuss on the work they have done,
and make the strategy to work for the day.
