1) If the exception is not in arithmetic exception then how to catch that exception?
We can catch different exceptions in different catch blocks. And a try block with just stating exception can catch all exceptions. 

2) What languages do u need to learn as a Android developer?
Java programming language

3) What is cloud? What is cloud from aws? What is cloud from Microsoft?
Cloud computing means storing and accessing data and programs over the internet.Amazon web service is Amazon's on-demand cloud computing platforms.Microsoft Azure is the cloud from Microsoft.

4)what is html ,css,js?
HTML is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.Cascading Style Sheets is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language such as HTML.JavaScript is used to control the behavior of different elements.

5) wap on hello world in html
<html>
<header><title>This is title</title></header>
<body>
Hello world
</body>
</html>

6) Difference between java and js?

Java
It is a Programming language.
Java is a pure Object Oriented Programming Language.
Java is a Standalone language.
Java is a strongly typed language, which means that the user has to decide the data type of the variable before declaring and using it.
Java program should be compiled before execution.

Javascript
It is a scripting language.
JavaScript is Object-Based Language.
JavaScript is not a standalone language, as it needs to be integrated into an HTML program for execution.
JavaScript is a loosely typed language, which means that the user does not have to worry about the data-type of the variable before and after the declaration.
JavaScript needs to be integrated into the HTML program for the execution.

7) If JavaScript can do frontend then why react and angular?
React and Angular are two of the most popular web frameworks among developers worldwide.

8) What is Angular and React?

Angular is a development platform built on the typescript. It is a component-based framework for building scalable web apps. It has a collection of well-integrated libraries and features such as client-server communication, routing, and more. It has a suite of developer tools to develop and scale projects from single-developer size to enterprise-grade applications. Moreover, it’s constantly updated technology with its latest developments led by the Angular team at Google.

React is an open-source JavaScript library used for frontend development. It is used for building user interface or UI components. Its component-based and declarative traits let developers create interactive and complex UIs easily. Developers can build fast and scalable apps for all platforms due to its “learn once write anywhere” principle. React is managed by Facebook and a community of individual developers and communities.

9) What is orm and hibernate?
Hibernate ORM (or simply Hibernate) is an object–relational mapping tool for the Java programming language. It provides a framework for mapping an object-oriented domain model to a relational database.

10) What are the keywords used for...class to class and class to interface and interface to interface?
Keywords used for class to class are extends keyword. Keyword used for interface to interface we cannot implemet class to interface implements.

11) What is the default access for the variables and function define in Java 7?
Default access modifier.

12) How many types of file format is there ?
 
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group)
PNG (Portable Network Graphics)
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format)
PDF (Portable Document Format)
SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics)
MP4 (Moving Picture Experts Group)

13) Example of RDBMS and non RDBMS?
Example of RDBMS: MySql, Oracle, Sqlite, Postgres and MS-SQL

Example of non RDBMS: MongoDB, BigTable, Redis, RavenDb, Cassandra, Hbase, Neo4j and CouchDb.

14) Does Python has a support to db2?
Before running the  SQL statements to create, update, 
delete, or retrieve data, you must connect to a 
database. For this, one must make use of the database 
API to connect to a database through either a 
cataloged or uncataloged connection.

15) Difference Between Spring frame work and spring boot?
Spring framework is a java EE framework that is used to build applications.
The primary or most important feature of the Spring framework is dependency 
injection(Dependency Injection (DI) is a design technique that removes dependencies from 
computer code, making the application easier to maintain and test).
Its goal is to make Java EE (Enterprise Edition) development easier, allowing developers to be more productive.

Spring Boot framework is mainly used to develop REST API’s
The main or primary feature of the Spring Boot is Autoconfiguration( Simply described, Spring Boot autoconfiguration is a method of automatically configuring a Spring application based on the dependencies found on the classpath.)
Autoconfiguration can speed up and simplify development by removing the need to define some beans that are part of the auto-configuration classes.
Spring Boot provides the RAD(Rapid Application Development) feature to the Spring framework for faster application development.

16) Difference Between Linux OS and Windows OS?
Linux
Open source operating system.
Free of cost.
file name case-sensitive.
Monolithic kernel is used.
Linux is more efficient in comparison of Windows.
Forward slash is used for Separating the directories.
Linux provides more security than Windows.
Linux is widely used in hacking purpose based systems.

Windows
Not an open source operating system.
It is costly.
File name is case-insensitive.
Micro kernel is used.
Windows are less efficient.
Back slash is used for Separating the directories.
Provides less security than linux.
Windows does not provide much efficiency in hacking.